the galaxy coming off a thrilling 3-2
win over Colorado last Sunday at the
Home Depot Center puddle and McDonald
the goals they also got an own goal from
Colorado
meantime Houston coming off a 2-1 win
over San Jose but they played that just
about 72 hours ago well that wouldn't be
much better
Toronto's swept the galaxy this year and
we all remember what happened up at San
Jose right and je crois en je crois for
a big man he does move well falling into
the area
fred davis and it's what nothing Houston
she probably could have gone either way
good service inside there go watch Brad
Davis is already down and might even
almost be an own-goal
yeah I think it is a known goal that's
that's what it looked like right there
Brian shorten it look like you might
have hit it with his heel as he was
spinning a lot of sharpness from LA when
they complete one or two passes but in
the third pass and moves them or the
third passes not crisp enough to get
back to intent to play and a turnover
leads to chip
20 T Rosario
but when you drive a ball hard across
the area right there you just give an
opportunity for your team and it is d
Rosario who comes in to clean it up to
the tune of the second goal of the night
same move they've done it before here's
Brian Ching what I want to get sluggish
they get the shot he does in stores
it has gone from bad to worse Jim
Houston has done this a couple times
roll go play it back to play it forward
and you see the veteran move by chain
watch him take the touch wide so that
Saunders actually has to take a small
little stop to try and cover that angle
and then he just tucks it back home at
the far post clinical finish right there
from Brian Ching mention of it earlier
but the galaxy over the last year and a
half I've had really good numbers here
right dummy Paul and here's Jake walk in
on another breakaway Saunders staring
down the Barrell again lazy Paul and
almost another
door
Vande plaintiff back to saunders but
serve an occasional ball just to mix up
the service in there but that's
certainly not the ball at la looking for
nether midfield a turnover and once
again here comes the Dynamo offense
Mullen
Saunders D Rosario making a bit for his
second goal and Saunders went pull the
pole and kicked it alive you know
creating a new home in Robertson Stadium
of course the earthquakes relocated it
down here to Houston and everybody loves
a winner
there's Ching again waits for it chips
it over Saunders hand over the crossbar
don't tell me I wasted all that time in
the room writing all this down and
figure out scenarios and then going to
give it up in 22 minutes Danny - Buttle
now the Hatter Gordon off the crossbar
Oh
Gordon get him up high above it on
winning that ball in the air and he
can't believe it didn't go in out of the
first half how good this dynamo side was
offensively and then all of a sudden
they flashed that card at the defensive
end I would made things real interesting
real quickly
well header by Gordon he slides wide
it's but yeah you know it's the world's
most popular game and it's only tender
and kept away by Randolph to save the
goal my grand off came on as a half-time
substitution they gonna come up with
three goals yeah certainly gonna have to
start it in a hurry and actually they
have to come up with four don't they
write draw would do nothing for them
Louis
Onstad again I'll start looking for
another shutout tonight that aunts that
with six clean sheets and as the Dynamo
keeper can we go to other cities you
don't see a ton of white 23 jerseys all
over the place but I've only seen maybe
you know five six so far here tonight
shot goes wide on staff just watched it
sail past I've been standing right there
that's what I'm spank each other once
this year L ll a inside a chance' Nicole
off the post and like everything else
tonight Houston gets the bounce
are you kidding me how does this stay
out I'm I'm sure Gordon touched it or
maybe if he just dummied it just enough
if it's an inch or two either way if
it's an inch or two to the left it
bounces right back out front and there
is the whistle mark tiger ends this
match and Houston wins the Western
Conference championship
you